Better error on wrong search query (#2024)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/getting-started/store-and-access-data/index.md

### Search for documents

> Kuzzle directly exposes directly the data through the API by allowing client to express a query to match documents they need. 

Reviewer: I don't quite get what you're trying to say here, so the following suggestion might not be spot on :thinking: 

```suggestion
Kuzzle allows to search for documents through its API, with different query languages depending on your needs.
```
